Research interests of XXX at X institution
Citation count of XXX at X institution
Number of published papers by XXX at X institution
Which institution does XXX who researches in XXX field belong to?
Citation count of XXX who researches in XX field
Number of papers published by XXX who researches in XX field
Who are the researchers at X institution?
Who are the researchers in XX field?
Who are the collaborators of XXX at X institution?
Who are the collaborators of XXX in XX field?
Who at X institution has a collaboration with XXX?
Who in XX field has a collaboration with XXX?
What are the papers published by XXX at X institution?
What is the citation count of the representative work of XXX at X institution?
In which year was the representative work of XXX at X institution published?
Who are the authors of the representative work of XXX at X institution?
What are the papers published by XXX in XX field?
What is the citation count of the representative work of XXX in XX field?
In which year was the representative work of XXX in XX field published?
Who are the authors of the representative work of XXX in XX field?
Is XXX at X institution male or female?
What is the title of XXX at X institution?
What is the introduction of XXX at X institution?
What is the educational background of XXX at X institution?
What is the email of XXX at X institution?
Is XXX in XX field male or female?
What is the title of XXX in XX field?
What is the introduction of XXX in XX field?
What is the educational background of XXX in XX field?
What is the email of XXX in XX field?
Who among the collaborators of XXX at X institution are researching in XX field?
Who has the highest citation count among the collaborators of XXX at X institution?
Who has the most published papers among the collaborators of XXX at X institution?
Who among the collaborators of XXX in XX field are at Xinstitution?
Who has the highest citation count among the collaborators of XXX in XX field?
Who has the most published papers among the collaborators of XXX in XX field?
Who are the collaborators of the collaborators of XXX at X institution?
Who are the collaborators of the collaborators of XXX in XX field?
What is the abstract of the representative work of XXX at X institution?
What is the PDF link of the representative work of XXX at X institution?
Which journal or conference included the representative work of XXX at X institution?
What is the abstract of the representative work of XXX in XX field?
What is the PDF link of the representative work of XXX in XX field?
Which journal or conference included the representative work of XXX in XX field?