What are the research interests of Hua Lu, Department of People and Technology, Roskilde University?
What is the citation count of Hao Chen from the Department of Computer Science, University of Maryland?
How many papers has Huiping Chen from King's College London published?
To which institution does Xun Zheng, who researches Topic Models, belong?
What is the citation count for Moses Charikar who researches in the field of Approximation Algorithm?
What is the number of papers published by Jie Zhao who researches in the field of Interpretable Search?
Who are the researchers at the Indiana University–Purdue University Indianapolis?
Who are the researchers in the field of Orbit Determination?
Who are collaborators of Yu Zhang at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign?
Who are the collaborators of Jie Tang in the field of Social Network?
Who has a collaborative relationship with Yue Gao at Intelligent Media and Cognition Lab, School of Software, Tsinghua University?
Who has a collaborative relationship with Dantong Yu in the field of Atlas?
What are the publications of Xuanjing Huang from the School of Computer Science, Fudan University?
What is the citation count of the representative work of Rong Pan from the School of Data and Computer Science, Sun Yat-sen University?
Which year was the representative work of Haobo Wang from the School of Software Technology, Zhejiang University, published?
Who are the authors of the representative work of Paulo Orenstein from the Department of Statistics, Stanford University?
What are the publications of Wei Wen in the field of Deep Neural Networks?
What is the citation count of the representative work of Jiangnan Cheng in the field of Probabilistic Logic?
In which year was the representative work of Yunqing Zhao in the field of Mirna-mirna Synergistic Network published?
Who are the authors of the representative work of Kevin Yancey in the field of Bandit Algorithm?
Is Mikhail Bilenko from the Machine Learning and Intelligence group, Microsoft Research, male or female?
What is the title of Tengyu Xu at Meta Platforms, Inc?
What is the profile of Sanyam Kapoor at New York University?
What is the educational background of Can Lu from the Department of Systems Engineering and Engineering Management, The Chinese University of Hong Kong?
What is the email of Yang Li from the Department of Data Platform, Tencent TEG?
Is Diego Cifuentes in the field of Semidefinite Programming male or female?
What is the title of Wei Feng in the field of Recommender System?
What is the profile of Meeyoung Cha in the field of Social Media?
What is the educational background of Jie Bu in the field of Plateau Pika?
What is the email of Xutong Liu in the field of Batch-size?
Who among the collaborators of Tim Oates at the University of Maryland Baltimore County are researching in the field of Time Series?
Who is the most cited among Henry C. Lin's collaborators at Facebook Core Data Science?
Who among the collaborators of Timothy Winters at Walmart Labs has published the most papers?
Who among Jiaxi Tang's collaborators in the field of Recommender System are at Google Deepmind institution?
Who is the most cited among Nicolas Christin's collaborators in the field of Security?
Who among the collaborators of Mingkun Xie in the field of Partial Multi-label Learning has published the most papers?
Who are Bailin Wang's collaborators at CSAIL, Massachusetts Institute of Technology?
Who are Yu-An Chung's collaborators in the field of Self-supervised Learning?
What is the abstract of the representative work of Ningyu Zhang at the College of Computer Science and Technology, Zhejiang University?
What is the pdf link of the representative work of Sijie Ruan at the School of Computer Science and Technology, Xidian University?
Which journal or conference has included the representative work of Jincheng Mei at Google DeepMind?
What is the abstract of the representative work of Hang Yin in the field of Spiking Neural Networks?
What is the pdf link of the representative work of Xiaoqing Yang in the field of Dynamic Heterogeneous Graph Neural?
Which journal or conference has included the representative work of Weiping Song in the field of Graph Neural Networks?