What are the research interests of Jianguang Lou from Microsoft Research Asia?
What is the citation count for Pulcrano Salvatore from Amazon?
How many papers has Ranganathan Chandrasekaran from the University of Illinois at Chicago published?
Which institution does Svetha Venkatesh, who researches in the field of Computer Vision, belong to?
What is the citation count for Zhi Tian, who researches in the field of Object Detection?
How many papers has Dong Hoon Lee, who researches in the field of Security, published?
Who are the researchers at Amazon?
Who are the researchers in the field of Interactive Attention?
Who are the collaborators of Tianlong Chen from the Chandra Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering, Cockrell School of Engineering, The University of Texas at Austin?
Who are the collaborators of Jinxiong Xia in the field of Dialogue Topic Segmentation?
Who at the School of Data and Computer Science, Sun Yat-sen University, has a collaboration with Ling Huang?
Who in the field of Online Advertising has a collaboration with Sergei Vassilvitskii?
What are the published papers of Jagdish Ramakrishnan from Facebook?
What is the citation count for the representative work of Jiahao Xie from the Multimedia Laboratory, Nanyang Technological University?
What is the publication year of the representative work of Satoshi Hara from The Institute of Scientific and Industrial Research, Osaka University?
Who are the authors of the representative work of Yuandong Wang from Beihang University?
What are the published papers of Antoine Thabault in the field of Stochastic Control?
What is the citation count for the representative work of Sebastian Moreno in the field of Real World Data?
What is the publication year of the representative work of Carlos Abreu Ferreira in the field of Interesting Sequential Pattern?
Who are the authors of the representative work of Yujun Cai in the field of Node Classification?
Is Kai Zheng from the School of Computer Science and Engineering, University of Electronic Science and Technology of China male or female?
What is the title of Birgit Pfitzmann at IBM Zurich Research Lab?
What is the profile of Chuizheng Meng from the Department of Computer Science, University of Southern California?
What is the educational background of Muhammad Abu Bakar Siddique from the University of California, Riverside?
What is the email of Chun-Hao Chang (Kingsley) from Meta?
Is Arindam Bhattacharya in the field of One Class Classification male or female?
What is the title of Xiang Zhou in the field of Saddle Point?
What is the profile of Zaixi Zhang in the field of Machine Learning (ml)?
What is the educational background of Weixuan Bao in the field of Permanent-magnet Synchronous Motors?
What is the email of Chengyu Dong in the field of Neural-ode Perspective?
Who among the collaborators of Deli Chen from the MOE Key Laboratory of Computational Linguistics, School of Electronics Engineering and Computer Science, Peking University, are researching in the field of Graph Neural Networks?
Who is the most cited collaborator of Chaoming Song from the Department of Physics, University of Miami?
Who among the collaborators of Chengqi Zhang from the Centre for Quantum Computation and Intelligent Systems, University of Technology Sydney, has published the most papers?
Who among the collaborators of Giannis Karamanolakis in the field of Item Recommendation are from the Computer Science Department, Columbia University?
Who is the most cited collaborator of Vikas Raykar in the field of Multiple Annotators?
Who among the collaborators of Jingsong Yu in the field of Similarity Approaches has published the most papers?
Who are the collaborators of Emilio Ferrara from the School of Computer Science and Information Science, University of Southern California?
Who are the collaborators of Jungho Park in the field of Vibration Signal?
What is the abstract of the representative work of Tri Dao from the Department of Computer Science, Stanford University?
What is the PDF link for the representative work of Junqi Zhang from the Department of Computer Science and Technology, Tsinghua University?
In which journal or conference was the representative work of Qiaozhu Mei from the Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science, School of Information, University of Michigan included?
What is the abstract of the representative work of Xiaohui Li in the field of Explainable Artificial Intelligence?
What is the PDF link for the representative work of Srija Chakraborty in the field of Nonlinear Model?
In which journal or conference was the representative work of Mahito Sugiyama in the field of Formal Concept Analysis included?