What are the research interests of Kaifeng Lyu from Tsinghua University?
What is the citation count of Yi Wan from University of Alberta? 
What is the number of published papers of David Dohan from OpenAI?
Which institution does Xuchao Zhang, who researches in the field of Robust Regression, belong to? 
What is the citation count of Dirk Van Der Hoeven who researches in the field of Local Differential Privacy? 
What is the number of published papers by Ye Yuan in the field of Finite Element Analysis?
Who are the researchers at Baidu, Inc.?
Who are the researchers in the field of Nonnegative Matrix Factorization?
Who are the collaborators of Nicolas Lachiche from University of Strasbourg?
Who are the collaborators of Rahul Alex Panicker in the field of Adaptive Optics?
Which researchers from HPC-AI LAB, School of Computing, Department of Computer Science, National University of Singapore have collaborations with Yong Liu?
Who are the researchers in the field of Machine Learning with collaborations with Senja Filipi?
What are the papers published by Shuying Sun from Facebook Inc?
The citation count of the representative works of Fang Chen from Shanghai Jiao Tong University School of Medicine is?
Which year did Xinxin Fan from the Institute of computing, Chinese Academy of Sciences publish her representative work?
Who are the authors of the representative work of Cristian Bodnar from Department of Computer Science, University of Cambridge?
What are the papers published by Yufei Tao in the field of Indexation?
What is the citation count of the representative work of Yue Song in the field of Flavonoids?
Which year did Shifeng Zhang in the field of Training publish his representative work?
Who are the authors of the representative work of Dawei Zhou in the field of Rare Category Detection?
Is Bo Chen from Knowledge Engineering Group, Department of Computer Science and Technology, Tsinghua University a male or female?
What is the title of Sheng Wan from School of Computer Science and Engineering, Nanjing University of Science and Technology?
What is the biography of Xiaobo Xia from Sydney AI Centre, School of Computer Science, The University of Sydney?
What is the educational background of Ryan Anthony Rossi from Adobe Research?
What is the email of Yue Wu from Microsoft? 
Is You Wu in the field of Computational Journalism a male or female?
What is the title of Martin Hirzel in the field of Stream Processing?
What is the biography of Zongyuan Ge in the field of Deep Learning?
What is the educational background of Xiaokai Chu in the field of Multi-network Alignment?
What is the email of Kuang-Huei Lee in the field of Hemodynamics?
Among the collaborators of Anasua Mitra from Indian Institute of Technology Guwahati, who are researching in the field of Multiplex Networks?
Among the collaborators of Chang-Tien Lu from Department of Computer Science, Virginia Tech, who has the highest citation count?
Among the collaborators of Jian Kang from Department of Computer Science, University of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign, who has the most number of published papers?
Who are the collaborators of Ming-Chang Yang in the field of Performance Evaluation, who are from the Department of Computer Science & Engineering, The Chinese University of Hong Kong?
Among the collaborators of Stefano Giovanni Rizzo in the field of Policy Gradient, who has the highest citation count?
Among the collaborators of Gowtham Atluri in the field of Data Mining, who has the most number of published papers?
Who are the collaborators of Marton Havasi from Data to Actionable Knowledge Lab, School of Engineering and Applied Sciences, Harvard University?
Who are the collaborators of Chunxing Yin in the field of Dye Sensitized Solar Cell?
What is the abstract of the representative work of Asaf Cassel from School of Computer Science, Tel Aviv University?
What is the pdf link of the representative work of Jia-Qi Yang from State Key Laboratory for Novel Software Technology, Nanjing University?
Which journal or conference included the representative work of Besmira Nushi from Microsoft Research Lab – AI?
What is the abstract of the representative work of Yaliang Li in the field of Truth Discovery?
What is the pdf link of the representative work of Jianrong Tao in the field of Online Games?
Which journal or conference included the representative work of Johann Hibschman in the field of Crowdsourcing?