What are the research interests of Guangde Chen at LinkedIn Corporation?
What is the citation count for Yuzhen Huang at Facebook?
How many papers has Yang Zhou from the Department of Computer Science and Software Engineering, Auburn University published?
Which institution is Martin Atzmüller from the field of Data Mining associated with?
What is the citation count for Wei Wu in the field of Community Question Answering?
What is the number of papers published by Susan Ostmo in the field of Retinopathy Of Prematurity?
Who are the researchers at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology?
Who are the researchers in the field of Online Social Networks?
Who are the collaborators of Xinwei Sun at Microsoft Research Asia?
Who are the collaborators of Hongbo Deng in the field of Query Auto-completion?
Who at Etsy has a collaborative relationship with Diane Hu?
Who in the field of Data Mining & Knowledge Management (dmkm) has a collaborative relationship with Christopher Tran?
What papers has Ziwei Ji from Google Research published?
What is the citation count for Chenxiao Yang from the Department of Electronic Engineering, Shanghai Jiao Tong University's signature works?
What is the year of publication for Mingtian Zhang from the Department of Computer Science, University College London's signature works?
Who are the authors of Ari Biswas's signature works at Amazon?
What papers has Haifeng Qian in the field of Digital Signature published?
What is the citation count for Aijun An's signature works in the field of Data Mining?
What is the year of publication for Viraj Mehta's signature works in the field of Outcomes?
Who are the authors of Changji Li's signature works in the field of Property Graphs?
Is Nemanja Djuric at Aurora Innovation, Inc a man or a woman?
What is the title of Hongteng Xu at Gaoling School of Artificial intelligence, Renmin University of China?
What is the profile of Xuanli He at the NLP Group, University College London?
What is the educational background of Alekh Agarwal from the Learning Theory Team, Google?
What is the title of Muhammad Abu Bakar Siddique at University of California, Riverside?
Is Lukas Dauterman in the field of Automated Transfer Assistance a man or a woman?
What is the title of Xinyi Tong in the field of Molecular Imaging?
What is the profile of Yu Shen in the field of Automated Machine Learning?
What is the educational background of Dylan Foster in the field of Model Selection?
What is the email address of Xiaowei Xu in the field of Data Mining?
Who among the collaborators of Yuanyu Wan at the School of Software Technology, Zhejiang University are researching the field of Matrix Approximation?
Who among the collaborators of Aniket  Chakrabarti at Amazon has the highest citation count?
Who among Lei Jiang's collaborators from Beijing Jiaotong University has published the most papers?
Who among Yolanda Gil's collaborators in the field of Semantic Web are at the Information Sciences Institute, University of Southern California?
Who among Huaxiang Zhang's collaborators in the field of Cross-media Retrieval has the highest citation count?
Who among Yiqun Mei's collaborators in the field of Biometrics has published the most papers?
Who are the collaborators of Ruichao Yang at Hong Kong Baptist University?
Who are the collaborators of Pang-Ning Tan in the field of Data Mining?