What are the research interests of Danica Xiao from IQVIA?
What is the citation count of Jinhua Zhu from the University of Science and Technology of China?
How many papers has Kijung Shin from the School of Electrical Engineering, KAIST published?
Which institution does Sheng Xu, who studies the Scholarly Paper field, belong to?
What is the citation count of Chiqun Zhang, who studies the field of Computational Modelling?
What is the number of papers published by Stephan Günnemann, who studies the field of Data Mining?
Who are the researchers at the Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering, Carnegie Mellon University?
Who are the researchers in the Metastatic Breast Cancer field?
Who are the collaborators of Yingxue Zhang from Huawei Technologies Canada?
Who are the collaborators of Mirco Nanni in the field of Data Mining?
Who from the School of Information and Communication Engineering, Dalian University of Technology has a collaborative relationship with Yongri Piao?
Who in the Graph Representation Learning field has a collaborative relationship with Zexi Huang?
What papers has Yehuda Koren from Google published?
How many times has the representative work of Drew Dimmery from Facebook Core Data Science been cited?
In which year was the representative work of Qiao Liu from the School of Computer Science and Engineering, University of Electronic Science and Technology of China published?
Who are the authors of the representative work of Min-hwan Oh from Columbia University?
What papers has Jacob Montiel in the Concept Drift field published?
How many times has the representative work of Lihui Liu in the Sperm Quality field been cited?
In which year was the representative work of Tero Karras in the Computer Science field published?
Who are the authors of Snow Barry's representative work in the Interpretability field?
Is Haishuai Wang from Harvard University male or female?
What is the title of Mounia Lalmas from Yahoo! Research?
What is the biography of Tianyi Chen from the Department of Electrical, Computer, and Systems Engineering, School of Engineering, Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute?
What is the educational background of Bogdan Gabrys from the Faculty of Engineering and IT, University of Technology Sydney?
What is Sen Yang's email from LinkedIn?
Is George Pakapol Supaniratisai, who is in the Relational Social Data field, male or female?
What is Shanghua Teng's title in the Smoothed Analysis field?
What is the biography of Lucas M. Glass in the Deep Learning field?
What is the educational background of Sijing Tu in the Online Social Networks field?
What is Omar Montasser's email in the Sample Complexity field?
Who among Kyle Soska's collaborators from Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh is studying the field of Adversarial Classification?
Who among Xiaomin Chang's collaborators from the University of Sydney has the highest citation count?
Who among Deepanshi Seth's collaborators from Games24x7 has published the most papers?
Which of Nikolaj Tatti's collaborators in the field of Data Mining are from the University of Helsinki?
Who among Guihai Chen's collaborators in the field of Wireless Sensor Networks has the highest citation count?
Who among Victor S. Sheng's collaborators in the Cost-sensitive Learning field has published the most papers?
Who are Mark Coates's collaborators from the Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering, McGill University?
Who are Helia Hashemi's collaborators in the Music Search field?
What is the abstract of Tao Meng's representative work from the Department of Computer Science, University of California, Los Angeles?
What is the PDF link of Arindam Banerjee's representative work from the Department of Computer Science, University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign?
In which journal or conference was Zhihui Zhu's representative work from the Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering, University of Denver accepted?
What is the abstract of Fei Wang's representative work in the Data Mining field?
What is the PDF link of Benjamin Lee's representative work in the Smart Compose field?
In which journal or conference is David Bindel's representative work in the Community Detection field accepted?