What are the research interests of Michael N. Arbel from THOTH Team, INRIA Grenoble Rhone-Alpes?
What is the citation count for Shubham Agrawal from Yahoo Research?
What is the number of published papers of Tong Xu from the Lab of Big Data Analysis and Application, School of Data Science, University of Science and Technology of China?
Which institution does Shibo Yao, who studies the Graph field, belong to?
What is the citation count of Walid Krichene, who studies the Nash Equilibrium field?
What is the number of published papers by Kejing Yin, who studies the Tensor Factorization field?
Who are the researchers from the 'Eli Lilly and Company, Indianapolis' institution?
Who are the researchers in the Truth Discovery field?
Who are the collaborators of Shunnan Xu from Tencent?
Who are the collaborators of Jiacheng Guo in the Query-ad Matching field?
Who at Bytedance AI Lab collaborates with Xinghua Qu?
Who in the Job-resume Matching field collaborates with Tao Zhang?
What are the published papers by Reihaneh Rabbany from Mila, McGill University - CIFAR AI chair?
What is the citation count of the representative work of Hengguan Huang from the School of Computing, National University of Singapore?
In what year was the representative work of Lizhen Cui from the School of Software, Shandong University published?
Who are the authors of the representative work of Sangyup Lee from Computer Science, Sungkyunkwan University?
What are the published papers of Matti Karppa in the Population-based Study field?
What is the citation count of the representative work of Vipin Kumar in the Data Mining field?
In what year was the representative work of Dan Shen in the Implicit Context field published?
Who are the authors of the representative work of Panagiotis Papapetrou in the Information Systems field?
Is Shuang Yang from Alibaba Group male or female?
What is the title of Yinghao Li from the School of Electrical and Computer Engineering, Georgia Institute of Technology?
What is the bio of Liang Xin from the School of Computer Science and Engineering, Nanyang Technological University?
What is the education history of Benjamin Eysenbach from the Department of Computer Science, Princeton University?
What is the e-mail of Srijan Kumar from the School of Computational Science and Engineering, College of Computing, Georgia Institute of Technology?
Is Oliver Schulte in the Data Mining field male or female?
What is the title of Daochen Zha in the Reinforcement Learning field?
What is the bio of Weize Kong in the Query Facet field?
What is the education history of Zhenlin Xu in the Superpixels field?
What is the e-mail of Zheng Wang in the Deep Learning field?
Which of Bing Liu's collaborators from the Department of Computer Science, College of Engineering, University of Illinois at Chicago are researching in the Data Mining field?
Who among Kunpeng Zhang's collaborators from University of Maryland has the highest citation count?
Who among Helen Zhou's collaborators from Carnegie Mellon University has published the most papers?
Who among Collin Leiber's collaborators in the Deep Clustering field are from the Institut fur Informatik, Ludwig-Maximilians-Universitat Munchen institution?
Who among Ling Shao's collaborators in the Feature Extraction field has the highest citation count?
Who among Yuan Deng's collaborators in the Gale-shapley Algorithm field has published the most papers?
Who are the collaborators of Jane Jing from Facebook?
Who are the collaborators of Lan-Zhe Guo in the Multi-label Learning field?
What is the abstract of the representative work of Yang Li from Google Research?
What is the pdf link of the representative work of Tianpei Yang from the Intelligent Robot Learning Lab, University of Alberta?
Which journal or conference has included the representative work of Jingbo Shang from University of California, San Diego?
What is the abstract of the representative work of Xu Yu in the Information Retrieval field?
What is the pdf link of the representative work of Ying Shan in the Computer Vision field?
Which journal or conference has included the representative work of Zijian Kang in the Computer Vision (cv) field?