What are the research interests of Zhen Zhang from the School of Computing, National University of Singapore?
What is the citation count of Zhe Lin from Adobe Systems Incorporated?
What is the number of published papers by Eitam Sheetrit from Ben-Gurion University?
Which institution is Guanghui Wang, who studies in the field of Online Convex Optimization, associated with?
What is the citation count of Aniruddha Adiga who studies in the field of Unlimited Sampling?
What is the number of published papers by Yuhui Quan who studies in the field of Sparse Coding?
Who are the researchers at the University of Colorado?
Who are the researchers in the field of Iterative Attack?
Who are the collaborators of Tao Yu from the Department of Computer Science, Cornell University?
Who are the collaborators of Panayiotis Tsaparas in the field of Data Mining?
Who are the individuals from the Department of Applied Data Science, Sungkyunkwan University who have collaborated with Simon S. Woo?
Who are the individuals in the field of Impulse Response who have collaborated with Gokul Swamy?
What are the papers published by Di Wu from JD.com?
What is the citation count of the representative work of Aravind Sukumaran Rajam from Washington State University?
In which year was the representative work of Jun Luo from Lenovo Group Limited published?
Who are the authors of the representative work of Hao Liu from the Department of Computer Science and Engineering, The Hong Kong University of Science and Technology?
What are the papers published by Lorenzo Perini in the field of Anomaly Detection?
What is the citation count of the representative work of Lars Schmidt-Thieme in the field of Recommender Systems?
In which year was the representative work of Yanfeng Zhu in the field of Sponsored Search published?
Who are the authors of the representative work of Arun S. Maiya in the field of Social Network?
Is Valentin Dalibard from DeepMind male or female?
What is the academic title of Limeng Cui from College of Information Sciences and Technology, Pennsylvania State University?
What is the biography of Kareem Ahmed from Computer Science Department, University of California, Los Angeles?
What is the educational background of Junhao Hua from Alibaba Group?
What is the email of Ashwinkumar Badanidiyuru Varadaraja from Google?
Is Xinshi Chen from the field of Root Border Cell male or female?
What is the academic title of Nasrin Akhter from the field of Decoy Selection?
What is the biography of Chandan K. Reddy in the field of Machine Learning?
What is the educational background of Saravanan Thirumuruganathan in the field of Entity Resolution?
What is the email of Hongke Zhao from the field of P2p Lending?
Who are the collaborators in the field of Img Src among Harshavardhan P Kamarthi's collaborators from Department of Computational Science and Engineering, Georgia Institute of Technology?
Who amongst the collaborators of Brian Karrer from Facebook has the highest citation count?
Who amongst the collaborators of Yingxue Zhang from Department of Data Science, Worcester Polytechnic Institute has the most published papers?
Who are the collaborators of Pravallika Devineni in the field of User Behavior associated with Oak Ridge National Laboratory?
Who amongst the collaborators of Xinyue Liu in the field of Heparan Sulfate has the highest citation count?
Who amongst the collaborators of Paula Branco in the field of Resampling Strategies has the most published papers?
Who are the collaborators of Shuhan Yuan from Utah State University?
Who are the collaborators of Jing Jiang in the field of Optimization?
What is the abstract of the representative work of Sujit K. Ghosh from North Carolina State University?
What is the pdf link of the representative work of Andrew Miller from Google?
In which journal or conference was the representative work of Peng Cui from Lab of Media and Network, Department of Computer Science and Technology, Tsinghua University, included?
What is the abstract of the representative work of Gann Bierner in the field of Diversity Metric?
What is the pdf link of the representative work of Yining Chen in the field of Planning?
In which journal or conference was the representative work of Matt Jordan in the field of Polyhedral Complex included?