Research interests of Wei-Keng Liao from the Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science, Northwestern University.
What is the citation count for Xiang Wang from Google?
How many papers has Kyuseok Shim from the Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering, Seoul National University published?
Which organization does Johan Larsson, who researches in the field of Neck Pain, belong to?
What is the citation count for Andrei Zary Broder who researches in the field of Search Engine?
How many papers has Bowen Jin, who researches the Heat Balance Method field, published?
Which researchers belong to the School of Computing, National University of Singapore?
Who are the researchers in the field of Active Learning?
Who are the collaborators of Daniel Zügner from Microsoft Research Cambridge?
Who are the collaborators of Jiayu Tang from the Behavior Tree field?
Who at Google has a collaboration relationship with Sean Abraham?
Who in the field of Electroencephalography has a collaboration relationship with Deniz Erdogmus?
What papers has Zhixin Zhou from the Department of Management Sciences, College of Business, City University of Hong Kong published?
What is the citation count for the representative work of Chee-Kong Lee from Tencent America?
What is the publication year of the representative work of José Bento Ayres Pereira from the Computer Science Department, Boston College? 
Who are the authors of the representative work of Qingsong Lv from Tsinghua University?
What papers has Zhili Zhang, who researches in the Internet field, published?
What is the citation count for the representative work of Xue (Steve) Liu who researches in the field of Wireless Sensor Networks?
What is the publication year of the representative work of Xiaojie Guo who researches in the field of Neprilysin?
Who are the authors of the representative work of Gong Zhang who researches in the field of Bandwidth Allocation?
Is Yijun Zhang from the Institute of Atmospheric Sciences, Fudan University male or female?
What is the title of Ricardo Bastos Cavalcante Prudêncio from the Informatics Center, Universidade Federal de Pernambuco?
What is the profile of Tian Yu Liu from the University of California, Los Angeles?
What is the educational background of Meike Zehlike from Max Planck Institute for Software Systems, Saarbrucken?
What is the email address for Bin Yao from the Department of Computer Science and Engineering, Shanghai Jiao Tong University?
Is Po-An Wang who researches in the field of Simultaneous Power Iteration male or female?
What is the title of Zilin Gao who researches in the field of Large Numbers?
What is the profile of Dantong Yu who researches in the field of Deep Learning?
What is the educational background of Deguang Kong who researches in the field of Static Analysis?
What is the email address for Isak Karlsson who researches in the field of Adverse Drug Events?
Who among the collaborators of H M Sajjad Hossain from Microsoft is researching in the field of Activity Recognition?
Who among the collaborators of Flavio Chierichetti from Dipartimento di Informatica, Sapienza University of Rome has the highest citation count?
Who among the collaborators of Bing Bai from Tencent Inc. has published the most papers?
Who among the collaborators of David Simchi-Levi who researches in the field of Supply Chain is from the Institute for Data, Systems, and Society, Massachusetts Institute of Technology?
Who amongst the collaborators of Xia "Ben" Hu, who researches in the field of Social Media, has the highest citation count?
Who amongst the collaborators of Wei Wang, who researches in the field of Bandwidth, has published the most number of papers?
Who are the collaborators of Wenkai Xu, from the Department of Statistics, Keble College, University of Oxford?
Who are the collaborators of Yufei Tang, who researches in the field of Dynamic Programming?
What is the abstract of the representative work of Jia Zeng from Huawei Noah’s Ark Lab?
What is the PDF link of the representative work of Yulin Wang from the Department of Automation, Tsinghua University?
Which journal or conference included the representative work of Chenxin Tao from Tsinghua University?
What is the abstract of the representative work of Bo Liu who researches in the field of Autonomous Vehicle Navigation?
What is the PDF link of the representative work of Tomoya Sakai who researches in the field of Heart Valve?
Which journal or conference included the representative work of Dafna Shahaf who researches in the field of Metro Map?