What are the research interests of Jiajie Xu from Soochow University?
What is the citation count of Dimitris Spathis from the University of Cambridge?
How many papers has Elisa Fromont from Universite de Rennes 1 published?
Which institution does Danica Xiao, who researches in the field of Deep Learning, belong to?
What is the citation count for Weijie Zhao, who researches in the field of Alzheimer's Disease?
How many papers has Fan Zhang in the field of Ni-mo-p published?
Who are the researchers at the Department of Microelectronics and Nanoelectronics, Tsinghua University?
Who are the researchers in the Helios Operating System field?
Who are the collaborators of Shaoshuai Shi from the Department of Computer Vision and Machine Learning, Max Planck Institute for Informatics?
Who are the collaborators of Zixuan Ke in the field of Student Essays?
Who at the University of Toronto has a collaborative relationship with Jixuan Wang?
Who in the field of Selection Bias has a collaborative relationship with Google?
What papers has Rick Abens from Foresight ROI, Inc published?
What is the citation count of the representative work of Theodor Misiakiewicz from the Department of Statistics, Stanford University?
What is the publication year of the representative work of Lei Cai from the School of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science, Washington State University?
Who are the authors of the representative work of Anand Avati from Apple Special Projects Group?
What are the papers published by Sergey Ovcharenko in the field of Neural Networks?
What is the citation count of the representative work of Sooraj Boominathan in the Sad-a field?
What is the publication year of the representative work of Pedro G Bizarro in the Query Processing field?
Who are the authors of the representative work of Mingze Xu in the field of Video Anomaly Detection?
Is Fedor Borisyuk from Facebook male or female?
What is the title of Junjiao Tian from the Robotics Perception and Learning Lab, Georgia Institute of Technology?
What is the profile of Quoc Phong Nguyen from the National University of Singapore?
What is the educational background of Xintao Wu from the Department of Computer Science and Computer Engineering, University of Arkansas?
What is the email of Xuanli He from the NLP Group, University College London?
Is Xiaochuan Feng from the High-order Interactions field male or female?
What is the title of Lirong Xia in the Voting Rule field?
What is the profile of Jennifer G. Dy in the Feature Selection field?
What is the educational background of Bastiaan Kleijn in the Speech Coding field?
What is the email address of Bingchen Zhao in the Context Encoding field?
Which of the collaborators of Jia Zhang from Microsoft Research are researching in the Neural Network field?
Who among the collaborators of Phuong Pham from the Computer Science, University of Pittsburgh, has the highest citation count?
Who among the collaborators of Xiaowei Jia from the University of Pittsburgh has the highest number of published papers?
Who among Noveen Sachdeva's collaborators in the field of Variational Autoencoders are in the CS Department, UC San Diego?
Who is the most cited among Xiaohui Zeng's collaborators in the Diffusion Models field?
Who among Winkler Stephanie's collaborators in the Substance Use Disorder field has the highest number of published papers?
Who are the collaborators of Tengyang Xie from the Thomas M. Siebel Center for Computer Science, Department of Computer Science, The Grainger College of Engineering, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign?
Who are the collaborators of Huan Sun in the MIMO field?
What is the abstract of Yanhao Wang's representative work from the University of Helsinki?
What is the PDF link of Xu Yu's representative work from the Department of Systems Engineering and Engineering Management, The Chinese University of Hong Kong?
In which journal or conference is Vijay Vasudevan's representative work from Google published?
What is the abstract of Rajesh K. Gupta's representative work in the field of Embedded System?
What is the PDF link to Ganlin Song's representative work in the Smooth Surface field?
In which journal or conference is Ruiming Tang's representative work in the Ctr Prediction field published?