What are the research interests of Ioana Bica from DeepMind?
What is the citation count of Shentao Yang from the Stats Group, The University of Texas at Austin?
How many papers has Zhiliang Tian from the Department of Computer, National University of Defense Technology published?
Which institution does Kyumin Lee, who researches the field of Social Media, belong to?
What is the citation count of Zhen Wang, who researches the field of Privacy-aware Clinical Data?
How many papers has Xiaofeng Gao, who researches the field of Wireless Sensor Networks, published?
Who are the researchers at the University of Haifa?
Who are the researchers in the field of Automatic Speech Recognition?
Who are the collaborators of Shoude Lin from the Department of Computer Science and Information Engineering, National Taiwan University?
Who are the collaborators of Peng Han in the field of Image Segmentation?
Who are the people in collaboration with Yiqin Yang at the Department of Automation, Tsinghua University?
Who are the people in collaboration with Amazon Alexa AI in the field of Machine Learning?
What are the published papers of Karthikeyan Shanmugam from IBM Research AI?
What is the citation count of the representative works of Nirmalya Roy from the Department of Information Systems at the University of Maryland Baltimore County?
What is the publication year of the representative works of Huazheng Wang from the Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering, Princeton University?
Who are the authors of the representative works of Vitaly Shmatikov from Computer Science, Cornell University?
What are the published papers of Wentao Wang in the field of Prognosis?
What is the citation count of the representative works of Shubhanshu Shekhar in the field of Safety Measures?
What is the publication year of the representative works of Wei Zeng in the field of Visual Analytics?
Who are the authors of the representative works of Takeru Miyato in the field of Computer Science?
Is Gomes Ana Sofia from Feedzai a male or a female?
What is the job title of Chuizheng Meng from the Department of Computer Science, University of Southern California?
What is the profile of Shirui Pan from the School of Information and Communication Technology, Griffith University?
What is the educational background of Patrick Koch from SAS Institute Inc.?
What is the email address of Anirban Dasgupta from Computer Science and Engineering, Indian Institute of Technology Gandhinagar?
Is D. Sivakumar from the field of Computational Complexity a male or a female?
What is the job title of Yixin Su from the field of Collaborative Filtering?
What is the profile of Parameswaran Raman in the field of Multinomial Logistic Regression?
What is the educational background of Junyuan Hong in the field of Federated Learning?
What is the email address of Zhiding Yu in the field of Image Segmentation?
Who among the collaborators of Xia Hu from Simon Fraser University are researching in the field of Deep Neural Networks?
Who among the collaborators of Jean-Christophe Lachance from Universite de Sherbrooke has the highest citation count?
Who among the collaborators of Chongsheng Zhang from the Department of Data Science, Henan University has published the most papers?
Who among the collaborators of Le Hui in the field of Computer Vision (cv) are from the School of Computer Science and Engineering, Nanjing University of Science and Technology?
Who among the collaborators of Zhiqi Bu in the field of Sorted ℓ₁ Regression has the highest citation count?
Who among the collaborators of Chicheng Zhang in the field of Active Learning has published the most papers?
Who are the collaborators of Peng Wang from Didi Chuxing?
Who are the collaborators of Junliang Yu in the field of Matrix Factorization?
What is the abstract of the representative works of Jie Zhang from Zhejiang University?
What is the PDF link of the representative works of Lingjiao Chen from the Department of Computer Sciences, Stanford University?
In which journal or conference are the representative works of Susan F. Martin from Georgetown University included?
What is the abstract of the representative works of Hangzhi Guo in the field of Algorithmic Recourse?
What is the PDF link of the representative works of Panpan Zhang in the field of Minimum Entropy Deconvolution?
In which journal or conference are the representative works of Abir De in the field of Social Networks included?