What are the research interests of Rahul V. Kulkarni from the Department of Physics, University of Massachusetts Boston?
How many citations does Matthias Schultheis from the Self-Organizing Systems Lab, Technische Universitat Darmstadt have?
How many papers has Lue Tao from the College of Computer Science and Technology, Nanjing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics published?
Which institution does Hengrui Cai, who studies in the field of Healthcare Studies, belong to?
How many citations does Alp Yurtsever, who studies in the field of Convex-concave Procedure, have?
How many papers has Yining Ma who studies in the field of Deterministic Initialization Strategy published?
Who are the researchers at Institut für Computing Platforms, Department of Computer Science, ETH Zurich?
Who are the researchers in the field of Algorithms With Predictions?
Who are the collaborators of Yujie Lin from Alibaba?
Who are the collaborators of Ruili Feng in the field of Image And Video Synthesis And Generation?
Who at Qingyuan Research, Shanghai Jiao Tong University have a collaboration relationship with Zhijie Deng?
Who in the field of Market Equilibrium has a collaboration relationship with Yuan Gao?
What are some of the papers published by Sid Reddy from Yelp?
How many citations does the representative work of Thijs Vogels from Machine Learning and Optimization Laboratory, EPFL have?
What is the publication year of the representative work of Yue Wang from Language and Brain Lab, Department of Linguistics, Simon Fraser University?
Who are the authors of the representative work of Reza Zafarani from Center for Science and Technology, Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science, College of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science, Syracuse University?
What are some of the papers published by Peng Ye in the field of Hydrolysis?
How many citations does the representative work of David S. Rosenblum in the field of Software Engineering have?
What is the publication year of the representative work of Tianwen Chen in the field of User Interaction?
Who are the authors of the representative work of Kun Xu in the field of Natural Language Question?
Is Neil Shah from Snap Inc. male or female?
What is the job title of Shanshan Zhang from Facebook?
What is the profile of Ved Chirayath from NASA Ames?
What is the educational background of Xiang Zhou from Department of Mathematics, College of Science, City University of Hong Kong?
What is the email of Constance Moore from University of Massachusetts Medical School?
Is Xue Yang in the field of Ship Detection male or female?
What is the job title of Ju Fan in the field of Crowdsourcing?
What is the profile of Xiyang Liu in the field of Differential Privacy?
What is the educational background of Alina Ene in the field of Approximation Algorithms?
What is the email of Matt Deitke in the field of Open Simulation-to-real Embodied Ai?
Which collaborators of Naren Ramakrishnan from Sanghani Center for Artificial Intelligence and Data Analytics, Department of Computer Science, College of Engineering, Virginia Tech are studying in the field of Data Mining?
Who among Kiran Tomlinson's collaborators from Computer Science, Cornell University has the highest number of citations?
Who among Xiaoqian Wang's collaborators from School of Electrical and Computer Engineering, Purdue University has published the most papers?
Which of Hoa Nguyen's collaborators in the field of Software are from the University of California?
Who among Jie Cao's collaborators in the field of Deep Learning has the highest number of citations?
Who among Yong Cui's collaborators in the field of Internet has published the most papers?
Who are the collaborators of Zenan Wang from JD Silicon Valley Lab?
Who are the collaborators of Otmane Sakhi in the field of Bandit Signals?
What is the abstract of the representative work of Sheo Yon Jhin from Bigdyl Lab, Department of Artificial Intelligence, Yonsei University?
What is the pdf link of the representative work of Themistoklis Mavridis from Booking.com?
Which journal or conference has accepted the representative work of Nicolas Keriven from Centre Ntional de la Recherche Scientifique?
What is the abstract of the representative work of Alexander Marx in the field of Causal Inference?
What is the pdf link of the representative work of Lin Yang in the field of Online Bidding Strategy Design?
Which journal or conference has accepted the representative work of Toshihiko Yanase in the field of Machine Learning System?