What are the research interests of Dobri Dobrev from Yahoo!?
What is the citation count of Suhaas Kalpam from Swiss Re?
How many papers has Yanhua Li from the Department of Computer Science, Worcester Polytechnic Institute published?
Which institution does Ruijie Wang, who studies in the field of Social Networks, belong to?
What is the citation count of Zengfeng Huang who studies in the field of Communication Complexity?
What is the number of papers published by Linjun Yang, who studies in the field of Image Retrieval?
Who are the researchers at the Department of Computer Science and Engineering, School of Engineering, Hong Kong University of Science and Technology?
Who are the researchers in the field of Online Influence Maximization?
Who are the collaborators of Peilin Yang from the University of Delaware?
Who are the collaborators of Kaikai Ge in the field of Recommender System?
Who at the Department of Computer Science and Engineering, Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, is in collaboration with Qiang Yang?
Who in the field of Community Detection is in collaboration with Hao Lu?
What papers has Chao Lan from the School of Computer Science, University of Oklahoma published?
What is the citation count of Hangwei Qian from Lund University's representative work?
What is the publication year of the representative work of Annalisa Appice from Dipartimento di Informatica, University Aldo Moro of Bari?
Who are the authors of Caleb Belth from University of Michigan's representative work?
What papers has Lucas Baudin from the field of Game Theory published?
What is the citation count of Qi Yu Kang's representative work in the Crowdsourcing field?
What is the publication year of the representative work of Yi Liu in the field of Task Analysis?
Who are the authors of Yuanfu Lu's representative work in the field of Network Embedding?
Is Xiaowei Wang from the University of Michigan a male or female?
What is the title of Tao Yang from University of California?
What is the profile of Samet Oymak from University of Michigan?
What is the educational background of Da Xu from Walmart Labs? 
What is the email of Vangelis Metsis from Department of Computer Science, Texas State University?
Is Yewen Li in the field of Intensified Pretreatment a male or female?
What is the title of Veronica Leon in the field of Multivariate Time-series?
What is the profile of Difan Zou in the field of Optical Wireless Communication?
What is the educational background of Saravanan Thirumuruganathan in the field of Entity Resolution?
What is the email of Cecilia Mascolo in the field of Mobile Computing?
Who among the collaborators of Sihong Xie from Department of Computer Science, Lehigh University, is researching in the field of Data Mining?
Who among the collaborators of Gani Nazirov from Microsoft has the highest citation count?
Who among the collaborators of Steffen Rendle from Google has the most number of papers published?
Who among the collaborators of Wei Liu in the field of Game Theory are from School of Computer Science, University of Technology Sydney?
Who among the collaborators of Burr Settles in the field of Active Learning has the highest citation count?
Who among the collaborators of He Zhang in the field of Epidemics has the most number of papers published?
Who are the collaborators of Chao Du from Sea AI Lab?
Who are the collaborators of Maria Florina Balcan in the field of Machine Learning?
What is the abstract of Jiming Chen's representative work from State Key laboratory of Industrial Control Technology, Institute of Industrial Process Control, College of Control Science and Engineering, Zhejiang University?
What is the PDF link of the representative work of Jie Zhang from Tsinghua University?
In which journal or conference was the representative work of Zhang Xiong from School of Computer Science and Technology, Beijing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics included?
What is the abstract of the representative work of Chunxiao Xing in the Digital Library field?
What is the PDF link of the representative work of Zhiping Xiao in the Session-based Recommendation field?
In which journal or conference was the representative work of Mohammad Mahdi Kamani in the field of Deep Learning included?