What is the research interest of Dawei Gao from the Data Analytics and Intelligence Lab, Alibaba DAMO Academy?
What is the citation count of Yaoyu Zhang from the Institute of Natural Sciences, Shanghai Jiao Tong University?
How many papers has Jianguo Yao from the State Grid(State Grid Electric Power Research Institute, State Grid Corporation of China), Beijing, China published?
From which institution is Shiju Li who studies in the field of Kemeny's Constant?
What is the citation count of Zijian Huang who studies in the field of Infrared Spectroscopy?
How many papers has Yankai Chen who studies in the field of Community Search published?
Who are the researchers at the University of Electronic Science and Technology of China?
Who are the researchers in the field of Natural Language Inference?
Who are the collaborators of Haoyu Zhang from the Dept. of Computer Science at Indiana University Bloomington?
Who are the collaborators of Dunia Mladenić in the field of Machine Learning?
Who at the Department of Computer Science and Engineering, College of Information Sciences and Technology, Penn State University have collaborated with Prasenjit Mitra?
Who in the field of Inverse Optimization have collaborated with Itaru Nishioka?
What are the papers published by Michael Doron from Hebrew University of Jerusalem?
What is the citation count of Yuhang Wu's representative work from the Department of IEOR, University of California, Berkeley?
What is the year of publication of Takuya Akiba's representative work from Preferred Networks, Inc.?
Who are the authors of Yinpeng Dong's representative work from the Department of Computer Science and Technology, Tsinghua University?
What are the papers published by Liu Ren in the field of Data Visualization?
What is the citation count of Mason Wan's representative work in the field of NAS?
What is the year of publication of Pablo Estevez's representative work in the field of Machine Learning?
Who are the authors of Paul Weng's representative work in the field of Reinforcement Learning?
Is Joshua Safyan from Google, Mountain View male or female?
What is the title of Lei Zheng from Shanghai Jiao Tong University?
What is the introduction of Xiaocheng Tang from DiDi AI Labs?
What is the educational background of Xingzhe He from the University of British Columbia?
What is the email of Cristian Borcea from the Department of Computer Science, New Jersey Institute of Technology?
Is Keegan W. Harris from the field of Bayesian Persuasion male or female?
What is the title of Chenyou Fan in the field of First-person?
What is the introduction of Xuanli He in the field of Collaborative Learning?
What is the educational background of Brad Rees in the field of Real Corporate Database?
What is the email of Xiao Huang in the field of Graph Neural Networks?
Who among the collaborators of Yurong Cheng from the School of Computer Science and Technology, Beijing Institute of Technology are studying in the field of RULE?
Who among the collaborators of Sergiy Matusevych from the Microsoft Cloud Information Services Laboratory has the highest citation count?
Who among the collaborators of Yungui Huang from Nationwide Children's Hospital has published the most papers?
Who among the collaborators of Haipei Sun in the field of Utility are from Meta organization?
Who among the collaborators of Najeeb Kazmi in the field of Machine Learning has the highest citation count?
Who among the collaborators of Junheng Hao in the field of Biological Knowledge Bases has published the most papers?
Who are the collaborators of Aleksander Fabijan from Microsoft Corporation?
Who are the collaborators of Jiuxiang Gu in the field of Image Captioning?
What is the abstract of the representative work of Carl Fakhry from Teza Technologies?
What is the pdf link of the representative work of Muhammad Bilal Zafar from Amazon Web Services?
Which journal or conference included the representative work of Chul-Ho Lee from the Florida Institute of Technology?
What is the abstract of the representative work of Jingshuai Zhang in the field of Intelligence Interview System?
What is the pdf link of the representative work of Wenjie Li in the field of Ontology?
Which journal or conference included the representative work of Dave Debarr in the field of Spam Detection?