What are the research interests of Jie Lu from the University of Technology Sydney? 
What is the citation count of Hsiangfu Yu from Amazon, Palo Alto? 
How many papers has Rebekka Burkholz from CISPA Helmholtz Center for Information Security published? 
Which institution does Larsson Omberg, who studies in the field of Digital Health, belong to? 
What is the citation count for Amin Heyrani Nobari studying in the field of Generative Adversarial Network? 
How many papers has James Harrison, who studies in the field of Backward Reachability Curriculum, published?
Who are the researchers at the IBM Research NY institution? 
Who are the researchers in the field of Internet Of Things? 
Who are the collaborators of Chumeng Liang from the University of Southern California? 
Who are the collaborators of Yuhang Zhou in the field of Supervised Learning? 
Who are the collaborators with Linpeng Huang in the Department of Computer Science and Engineering, Shanghai Jiaotong University? 
Who are the collaborators with Nan Tang in the XML field? 
What are the papers published by Jingrui He from the Department of Computer Science, University of Illinois? 
What is the citation count of Kaiqing Zhang's representative work from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology?
In which year was the masterwork of Ryan McBride from Simon Fraser University published?
Who are the authors of Zhaonan Sun's representative work at IBM?
What papers were published by Siwei Wang in the field of Lung Adenocarcinoma?
What is the citation count of Brandt Westing's masterwork in the field of Gesture Recognition?
What was the publication year of Matteo Interlandi's masterwork in the field of Machine Learning?
Who are the authors of Matteo Castiglioni's masterwork in the field of Agent-based And Multi-agent Systems: Mechanism Design?
Is Yuwei Fu from McGill Intelligent Automation Lab male or female?
What is the title of Michael Oberst at MIT?
What is the profile of Junyuan Hong from ILLIDAN Lab, Department of Computer Science and Engineering, Michigan State University?
What is the educational background of Shunta Saito from Preferred Networks, Inc.?
What is the title of Jin-Duk Park from the Machine Intelligence and Data Science Laboratory, Department of CSE, Yonsei University?
Is Hongzhi Chen in the field of Visual Servoing male or female?
What is the title of James Bailey in the field of Data Mining?
What is Chen Ma's profile in the Carbon Fiber field?
What is the educational background of Fuzheng Zhang in the field of Recommender Systems?
What is the email address of Jing Zhang in the field of Crowdsourcing?
Who in the collaborators of Karandeep Singh from Data Science Group, Institute for Basic Science are researching in the field of Batch Selection?
Who among the collaborators of Hanzhi Wang from School of Information, Renmin University of China has the highest citation count?
Who among the collaborators of Julien Audibert from Orange published the most number of papers?
Who among the collaborators of Weilin Cong in the field of Graph Neural Networks are associated with The School of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science, College of Engineering, The Pennsylvania State University?
Who among the collaborators of Bonsoo Koo in the field of Time Series has the highest citation count?
Who among the collaborators of Shaunak Mishra in the field of Online Advertising published the most number of papers?
Who are the collaborators of Athanasios N. Nikolakopoulos from Amazon?
Who are the collaborators of Marcin Sydow in the field of Machine Learning?
What is the abstract of Ben Goodrich's representative work from Google Brain? 
What is the PDF link to Yu Xiang's representative work from the Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering, University of Utah?
Which journal or conference has collected Brian J. Goode's representative work from Virginia Tech?
What is the abstract of Kevin Small's representative work in the field of Machine Learning? 
What is the PDF link to Zhiqiang Zhang's representative work in the Audience Expansion field? 
Which journal or conference has collected Chenyi Lei's representative work in the Micro-video Recommendation field?