What are the research interests of Ani Nenkova from the Department of Computer and Information Science, University of Pennsylvania?
What is the citation count of Jin-Duk Park from the Machine Intelligence and Data Science Laboratory, Department of CSE, Yonsei University?
How many papers has Dong Wang from Microsoft published?
Which institution does Ilias Diakonikolas, who researches the field of Boolean Function, belong to?
What is the citation count of Muhammad Abu Bakar Siddique, who researches the field of Selectivity Estimation?
How many papers has Qiang Zhang, who researches the field of Biodiesel, published?
Who are the researchers at the Faculty of Engineering and IT, University of Technology Sydney?
Who are the researchers in the field of Recommender System?
Who are the collaborators of Juan Torres-Perez from NASA Ames?
Who are the collaborators of Xintao Wu in the field of Data Mining?
Who are the people in collaboration with Junyi Gao at the Department of Computer Science, University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign?
Who are the people in collaboration with Xiang Zhou in the field of Saddle Point?
What are the published papers of Harit Vishwakarma from the Department of Computer Sciences, University of Wisconsin-Madison?
What is the citation count of the representative works of Ashish Khetan from Amazon Web Services?
What is the publication year of the representative works of Lampros Kourtis from Circadic?
Who are the authors of the representative works of Gongwei Chen from the Institute of Computing Technology, Chinese Academy of Sciences?
What are the published papers of Xuanli He in the field of Collaborative Learning?
What is the citation count of the representative works of Xiyang Liu in the field of Differential Privacy?
What is the publication year of the representative works of Anirban Dasgupta in the field of EOG?
Who are the authors of the representative works of Chenxu Zhu in the field of Illumination Calculation?
Is Junyuan Hong from ILLIDAN Lab, Department of Computer Science and Engineering, Michigan State University a male or a female?
What is the job title of Bowen Du from the State Key Lab of Software Development Environment, School of Computer Science and Engineering, Beihang University?
What is the profile of Moritz Hardt from the Max Planck Institute for Intelligent Systems?
What is the educational background of Saravanan Thirumuruganathan from Qatar Computing Research Institute?
What is the email address of Myeong Shin Lee from Korea Aerospace Research Institute?
Is Liang Hou from the field of Graph Neural Network a male or a female?
What is the job title of Moritz Hardt in the field of Differential Privacy?
What is the profile of Huimin Ren in the field of Video Blogs?
What is the educational background of Xiaokai Chu in the field of Multi-network Alignment?
What is the email address of Airong Jiang in the field of Tag Refinement?
Who among the collaborators of Jie Bu from the Department of Computer Science, Virginia Tech are researching in the field of Plateau Pika?
Who among the collaborators of Ling Yan from the Machine Intelligence Technology Lab, Alibaba Group has the highest citation count?
Who among the collaborators of Chandan K. Reddy from the Department of Computer Science, Virginia Tech has published the most papers?
Who among the collaborators of Zhiding Yu in the field of Image Segmentation are from NVIDIA Research?
Who among the collaborators of Parikshit Ram in the field of Human-ai Collaboration has the highest citation count?
Who among the collaborators of Jing Zhang in the field of Crowdsourcing has published the most papers?
Who are the collaborators of Fanjin Zhang from Tsinghua University?
Who are the collaborators of Kyoung-Sook Kim in the field of Deep Learning?
What is the abstract of the representative works of Xifeng Yan from the Department of Computer Science, University of California Santa Barbara?
What is the PDF link of the representative works of Jérémie Mary from Criteo AI Lab?
In which journal or conference are the representative works of Wei Chen from MSR Asia Theory Center, Microsoft Research Asia included?
What is the abstract of the representative works of Huan Wang in the field of Convolutional Neural Network?
What is the PDF link of the representative works of Maxime Voisin in the field of Deep Learning?
In which journal or conference are the representative works of Ajay Jaiswal in the field of Face Recognition included?