What are the research interests of Zewen Chi of Beijing Institute of Technology?
What is the citation count for Mingguo He of Renmin University of China?
How many papers have Xiang Wang from the School of Cyber Science and Technology, University of Science and Technology of China, published?
Which institution does Wei Liu, who researches in the field of Image Retrieval, belong to?
What is the citation count for Yunsheng Bai who researches in the field of Graph Edit Distance?
How many papers has Priyanka Nigam, who researches in the field of Deep Semantic Product Search, published?
Who are the researchers at the Department of Computer Science, School of Computing, National University of Singapore?
Who are the researchers in the field of Graph Theory?
Who are the collaborators of Brandon Newendorp from Apple?
Who are the collaborators of Shichang Zhang, who researches in the field of Spray Pyrolysis?
Who at the Qatar Computing Research Institute has collaborated with Faisal Farooq?
Who in the field of Image Classification has collaborated with Gopinath Chennupati?
What papers has Yunsu Lee from Samsung Research published?
What is the citation count for the signature work of Mausoom Sarkar from Media and Data Science Research Lab, Adobe?
In what year was the signature work of Yue Gao from the University of Wisconsin-Madison published?
Who are the authors of the signature work of Sandra Servia-Rodriguez from the Computer Laboratory, University of Cambridge?
What papers has Xiaolong Ma in the field of Mobile Devices published?
What is the citation count for the signature work of Yong Luo, who researches in the field of Image Classification?
In what year was the signature work of Hansheng Xue, who researches in the field of Enrichment Analysis, published?
Who are the authors of the signature work of Tiny Ramachandra, who researches in the field of Anomaly Detection?
Is Ting Guo from the University of Technology Sydney a man or a woman?
What is the title of Alind Khare from the Habanero Laboratory of School  of Computer Science, Georgia Institute of Technology?
What is the summary of Barbara Hammer from the CITEC Centre of Excellence, Bielefeld University?
What is the educational background of Tong Zhao from Amazon?
What is the email of Daren Sun from Baidu, Inc.?
Is Vineet Chaoji, who researches in the field of Data Mining, a man or a woman?
What is the title of Yifan Zhu, who researches in the field of E-learning?
What is the summary of Hiroki Yanagisawa, who researches in the field of Stable Marriage Problem?
What is the educational background of Huimin Ren, who researches in the field of Video Blogs?
What is the email of J. Weston Hughes, who researches in the field of Deep Reinforcement Learning?
Who are the collaborators of Yuanhao Cai from the Shenzhen Institute of Future Media Technology, Shenzhen International Graduate School, Tsinghua University, who research in the field of Low-level Vision?
Who among Yiqun Liu's collaborators at Facebook has the highest citation count?
Who among Zongyue Qin's collaborators at Peking University has published the most papers?
Who among Prathamesh Deshpande's collaborators in the field of Seed Expansion Methods are in the Department of Computer Science and Engineering, IIT Bombay?
Who among Chacha Chen's collaborators in the field of Traffic Signal Control has the highest citation count?
Among the collaborators of Chuanhao Li in the field of Contextual Bandit, who has published the most papers?
Who are the collaborators of Xun Qian from the Visual Computing Center, King Abdullah University of Science and Technology?
Who are the collaborators of Idan Attias, who researches in the field of Robust Learning?
What is the abstract of Mengshuo Wang's signature work at 4Paradigm?
What is the pdf link to the signature work of Lun Du at Microsoft Research Asia?
What journal or conference has the signature work of Jonas Fischer from Max-Planck-Institut fur Informatik been included in?
What is the abstract of Brian Liu's signature work in the field of Feature Selection?
What is the pdf link to the signature work of Mukherjee Sumanta in the field of Residual Stress?
What journal or conference has the signature work of Kun Su in the field of Mobile Sensor Network been included in?